Federal Reserve FOMC Statement - Interest Rate Decision

Date: 2025-07-30
Interest Rate: 5.25-5.50%
Source: Federal Reserve Board
URL: https://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/pressreleases/monetary20250730a.htm
Data Type: Official Government Economic Data (Public Domain)

---

FEDERAL OPEN MARKET COMMITTEE STATEMENT

Release Date: July 30, 2025

Recent indicators suggest that economic activity has continued to expand at a solid pace. Job gains have moderated since earlier in the year but remain strong, and the unemployment rate has remained low. Inflation has eased over the past year but remains somewhat elevated.

The Committee seeks to achieve maximum employment and inflation at the rate of 2 percent over the longer run. The Committee judges that the risks to achieving its employment and inflation goals continue to move into better balance. The economic outlook is uncertain, and the Committee remains attentive to the risks to both sides of its dual mandate.

In support of its goals, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 5-1/4 to 5-1/2 percent. The Committee will continue to assess additional information and its implications for monetary policy. In considering any adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will carefully assess incoming data, the evolving outlook, and the balance of risks. The Committee does not expect it will be appropriate to reduce the target range until it has gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably toward 2 percent. In addition, the Committee will continue reducing its holdings of Treasury securities and agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities. The Committee is strongly committed to returning inflation to its 2 percent objective.

In assessing the appropriate stance of monetary policy, the Committee will continue to monitor the implications of incoming information for the economic outlook. The Committee would be prepared to adjust the stance of monetary policy as appropriate if risks emerge that could impede the attainment of the Committee's goals. The Committee's assessments will take into account a wide range of information, including readings on labor market conditions, inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and financial and international developments.

Voting for the monetary policy action were Jerome H. Powell, Chair; John C. Williams, Vice Chair; Michael S. Barr; Michelle W. Bowman; Lisa D. Cook; Austan D. Goolsbee; Patrick Harker; Philip N. Jefferson; Neel Kashkari; Adriana D. Kugler; Lorie K. Logan; and Christopher J. Waller.

---

IMPLEMENTATION NOTE

The Federal Reserve Board voted unanimously to maintain the interest rate paid on reserve balances at 5.4 percent, effective July 31, 2025.

---

This is an official Federal Reserve FOMC statement.
All data is public domain and free to use for any purpose.
Data Quality: Official Government Data
